pipeline for Safegraph patterns (#225)
cmu-delphi/covidcast-indicators: safegraph_patterns/DETAILS.md

for POIs are provided in **Places Schema** dataset which is documented [here]
(https://docs.safegraph.com/docs/places-schema). Safegraph does not update their
list of POIs frequently but there does exist versioning issue. The release 
version can be found in `release-metadata` in Weekly Patterns dataset and there
are correspounding `brand_info.csv` provided in Places Schema dataset. To save 
storage space, we do not download the whole Places Schema dataset, but only add 
new necesary `brand_info.csv` in `./statics` with suffix YYYYMM(release version).

## Geographical Levels
* `county`: reported using zero-padded FIPS codes (consistency with the 
            other COVIDcast data)
* `msa`: reported using cbsa (consistent with all other COVIDcast sensors)
* `hrr`: reported using HRR number (consistent with all other COVIDcast sensors)
* `state`: reported using two-letter postal code

## Metrics,  Level 1 (`m1`)
* `bars_visit`: The number of visits to bars(places with naics code = 722410)
* `restaurants_visit`: The number of visits to restaurants(places with naics 
                            code = 722511)

## Metrics, Level 2 (`m2`)

> * `num`: number of new deaths on a given week

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `num`: number of visits on a given week
```

Author: Thanks.

Reviewer 2: Should it be "in a given week"? 

The way I read it is:
If "on" it would refer to a week entirely.
If "in" it would refer to days within a given week.

Author: It should be "in". Thanks.
